README.md, before:

# Battleships

## Game Description

TBD

## Screenshots

TBD

## Game Controls and Features

TBD

## How to Install the Battleship

To install the game, use the prebuilt binaries listed below.
-   [Windows_64](TBD)
-   [Mac_64](TBD)
-   [Linux_64](TBD)

If you do not see your operating system above, or would like to build from source, download
[Python 3.8.0](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.8.0/python-3.8.0.exe). Once downloaded open a terminal and run pip install pygame.
After that is done downloading and installing, change to you desired install directory using cd \[desired directory\]. Then clone our repository by doing git clone https://github.com/graynoah/Battleships.git. Once it is done downloading, you will see a folder called Battleships appear in your desired directory, run the main.py file inside the folder to play the game.

## Documentation and Directory Structure

TBD

## Authors

Team Deer consists of 4 members, of which three are 2nd-year, one is 3rd-year, at the University of Toronto Mississauga.
This project was done for credit in the course [CSC290](https://student.utm.utoronto.ca/calendar/course_detail.pl?Depart=7&Course=CSC290H5).
Group members are listed below:

-   Nimra Aftab
-   Julian de Rushe
-   Jicun Zhou
-   Noah Hamilton Gray

## Addendum

**Jicun​** - I was responsible for completing the basic game logic, main menu and pause menu.
Besides, I designed the structure of the project README and filled in Authors and License
Information.

**Julian** - I created the gui framework used in the game. I also created the installation instructions in the README.

## License Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright © 2019 Deer

You can find the License [here](https://github.com/graynoah/Battleships/blob/master/LICENSE).

Commit message:

Add Game Description to README
This commit adds the description of our Battleships game to the README
for user readability. It gives a user the rundown of what the game
is and how it progresses. This commit also adds my contributions to
the project under Addendum in the README.

README.md, after:

# Battleships

## Game Description

Battleships is a guessing game with some strategy-type elements. Our game can be played between two players (people), or between a player and a computer. The game is played on a grid, at the start of the game players place their ships on their respective grids. One ship can cover multiple spots on the grid, and ships are hidden from the view of the other player. The game progresses in turns, switching between players and allowing them to take a "shot" at the other players grid, in an attempt to hit the location of their hidden ships. The location of hit and missed shots are displayed on the grid for players to see. Once all spots on that ship are hit, the ship becomes sunk, and once all of an players ships are sunk, the game is over and the player with ships remaining unsunk wins!

## Screenshots

TBD

## Game Controls and Features

TBD

## How to Install the Battleship

To install the game, use the prebuilt binaries listed below.

- [Windows_64](TBD)
- [Mac_64](TBD)
- [Linux_64](TBD)

If you do not see your operating system above, or would like to build from source, download
[Python 3.8.0](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.8.0/python-3.8.0.exe). Once downloaded open a terminal and run pip install pygame.
After that is done downloading and installing, change to you desired install directory using cd \[desired directory\]. Then clone our repository by doing git clone https://github.com/graynoah/Battleships.git. Once it is done downloading, you will see a folder called Battleships appear in your desired directory, run the main.py file inside the folder to play the game.

## Documentation and Directory Structure

TBD

## Authors

Team Deer consists of 4 members, of which three are 2nd-year, one is 3rd-year, at the University of Toronto Mississauga.
This project was done for credit in the course [CSC290](https://student.utm.utoronto.ca/calendar/course_detail.pl?Depart=7&Course=CSC290H5).
Group members are listed below:

- Nimra Aftab
- Julian de Rushe
- Jicun Zhou
- Noah Hamilton Gray

## Addendum

**Jicun​** - I was responsible for completing the basic game logic, main menu and pause menu.
Besides, I designed the structure of the project README and filled in Authors and License
Information.

**Julian** - I created the gui framework used in the game. I also created the installation instructions in the README.

**Noah** - I created the computer player, designing and implementing it's strategy to play the game. As well as coming
up with the game description in the README.

## License Information

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright © 2019 Deer

You can find the License [here](https://github.com/graynoah/Battleships/blob/master/LICENSE).
